we happy family is concern you I'm gonna
put olivia down for her nap I mean
Adelina my sister's name is Olivia okay
am I gonna do about answering the door
it's so scary oh no like what took you
so long to open the door destiny it was
you for the entire time you break me out
gently isn't even here right now so if i
were you i just leave and I'll call her
later like what's wrong with your neck I
was flipping her hair yeah stupid hair
um I'm not here for Ali I'm like hair
for ya why why do you want to be here
for me I wanted to get to know you about
our way shall i ditched nah she went
upstairs lock the door and such I'd like
Farrah back and she wasn't back don't
touch me hey I will that I've I'm going
I got something to 80 it's not your
kitchen and as now you have like nothing
28 maybe that's because Olivia I ate it
all you mean Ali that's her name her
name is Olivia but we call her a leash
or whatever oh I would say about anyways
um why I'm making this morning oh I'm
doing vocals oh are you being ready to
sing yeah got it girl oh my god no oh my
god yes what can I sing first sure this
is self on me now we would always do
that I can see why what'd you just say
nothing huh okay I'm gonna sing yeah
okay a one two one two three four hi my
love it girl hey Bobby whoa uh uh bottom
plastic it's fantastic you'll come brush
my hair undress me everywhere and
imagination whoa whoa whoa stop it what
what I was no singing here like you're
horrible singer I know it let me say no
bye I'll be watching you like i'm a
barbie girl like in a Barbie world like
life and plastic like it's fantastic
like you can brush my Bergen hair and
like I'm just may like everywhere and
like imagination is like your creation
uh-huh looks like a
you